Pull log 1.14.0 with it's no_net (no_http) (#34)
fortio/cli: README.md

See https://github.com/fortio/multicurl for a good example.

If you do not want this behavior, build using `-tags no_tls_fallback`.

### Small binaries

> If you application doesn't do http request/response logging at all, use `-tags no_http` or `-tags no_net` (that one will also imply `no_tls_fallback`) and save 1.6 Mbytes in your binary's size (because the linker isn't smart enough to see net/http isn't actually used) (1.1Mbytes for log's no_http and 530k from the no_tls_fallback)

Reviewer: Nonblocking:

For constituency I would use, a space plus sane units

```suggestion
If you application doesn't do http request/response logging at all, use `-tags no_http` or `-tags no_net` (that one will also imply `no_tls_fallback`) and save 1.6 Mbytes in your binary's size (because the linker isn't smart enough to see net/http isn't actually used) (1.1 Mbytes for log's no_http and 530 kbytes from the no_tls_fallback)
```

or

```suggestion
If you application doesn't do http request/response logging at all, use `-tags no_http` or `-tags no_net` (that one will also imply `no_tls_fallback`) and save 1.6 MB in your binary's size (because the linker isn't smart enough to see net/http isn't actually used) (1.1 MB for log's no_http and 530 kB from the no_tls_fallback)
```

> And, if you don't need any of the advanced JSON logging (which is quite likely with a cli), use `-tags no_json` the logger will still produce json structured logging just not as advanced if what you log are deep structures - this saves another 130k or so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And, if you don't need any of the advanced JSON logging (which is quite likely with a cli), use `-tags no_json` the logger will still produce json structured logging just not as advanced if what you log are deep structures - this saves another 130 kB or so.
```

or

```suggestion
And, if you don't need any of the advanced JSON logging (which is quite likely with a cli), use `-tags no_json` the logger will still produce JSON structured logging just not as advanced if what you log are deep structures - this saves another 130 kbytes or so.
```

These tags are from [fortio.org/log](https://github.com/fortio/log) v1.14 and later

> In summary: for smallest pure local cli binaries using this package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary: for smallest pure local CLI binaries using this package:
```

```
CGO_ENABLE=0 go build -trimpath -ldflags="-w -s" -tags no_net,no_json .
```

> saves ~1.7Mbytes in total (a basic cli dependending on this package will then only be about 300k more as an hello world yet include color help, buildinfo, version, logging etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saves ~1.7 Mbytes in total (a basic CLI dependending on this package will then only be about 300 kbytes more as an hello world yet include color help, buildinfo, version, logging etc)
```

```suggestion
saves ~1.7 MB in total (a basic CLI dependending on this package will then only be about 300 kB more as an hello world yet include color help, buildinfo, version, logging etc)
```
